capitalist the super Krewe of Endymion
will rolled this year with its first
african-american king New Orleans native
George Lafargue jr. was picked as the
46th King WDSU anchor Rachel Wulff sat
down with Lafargue who tells us he's
both happy and hopeful George lebarge
jr. Islands George's who produce in
Tarrytown growing up as a small boy in
the Lower Ninth Ward he says he never
imagined he would one day reign as king
of a Mardi Gras krewe but this year the
unimaginable happened there were tears
of joy
tis a huge personality has a huge heart
after George lebarge was selected the
first african-american king of the Krewe
of Endymion it means a lot to me
Lafargue is lucky Mardi Gras since he
was a little boy
shaking my sisters and brothers never
used to tell me I was crazy I used to
get out in the backyard and tobey's at
myself throw stuff up in the air like
always believe that I were always ride
and become members in one of these
parade Vegas now this successful produce
business owner is now in the business of
preparing for one of the biggest moments
of his money it was gone and said to me
that's what I believe the farm was
invited to join a dhimmi and six years
ago he remembers riding on his first
float I was crying because I was having
madness and for me to see this that for
me to be a part of an organization I can
do it I'm very emotional about that this
normally gregarious man is at a loss for
words
I'm speechless about this this this you
know beside all a man ought not to be I
got beaten the luckiest man I learned
huh
this is like hitting the lottery in fact
it was a lottery that chose the park
King for that young lady to put money
out of that bag with 3,000 surplus
envelopes in there
that's that's unbelievable serving as
the first african-american king is an
honor but the fine says the issue of
color should not be important what
should be important is that
well members of a organization that we
paraded in the streets of New Orleans a
free party everybody should be happy but
his wife said it best
she said George you don't realize how
big this is on it she said you ever read
anything really sink into you yet
exactly how important this is for the
city of New Orleans for now he will ride
the wave of what wishes ma'am this is
very very special to me okay we the more
the first says he has been getting calls
from all over the globe about being
selected King he says it'll be a busy
season he's also a member of Zulu
congratulations to his family
yeah he just exudes excitement excellent
yes and dimming is one of the largest
parades during Mardi Gras season this
year maroon 5 will serve as grand
marshals while Big and Rich and Anderson
Cooper will ride as the crews special
guests don't forget to follow Endymion
and a bunch of other parades this
Carnival season with the WDSU parade
tracker app that is free for both
iPhones and Android phones we are
tracking 30 parades this year so sign up
to get those free updates it is the best
great record